well howdy there Internet people it's
bow-gun so today we're gonna talk about
Trump being right about something broken
clock and all that doesn't happen often
but when it does we're going to talk
about it he gave an interview today it's
definitely worth watching
it was a doozy there are a bunch of
statements in it that are probably gonna
make the news tonight the thing is one
of his statements I think it's gonna be
overshadowed by a lot of the other more
Trump asked statements and the thing is
I think it's the one that can teach us
the most because when I first heard him
say it I was like that's not true
rolled my eyes and then the more I
thought about it the front like no he's
right he's absolutely correct he was
asked about the whole debate over the
flag here in the south and he said it
was a free speech issue and gave Harlan
normal stuff that went along with it but
then he said well people love it and I
know people that like the Confederate
flag and they're not thinking about
slavery and at first like what else
would they be thinking of and then you
think about it
some of them genuinely aren't that's not
what they're picturing they're picturing
the pre-war South they're picturing
houses with big columns and long dresses
and a very genteel way of life that's
what they're picturing that's what they
associate it with because of old movies
they don't see that symbol and
associated with hundreds of years of
oppression they don't associate it with
opposition to civil rights and all of
the racist policies of the day many of
which still continue in practice today
they don't associate it with a lack of
generational wealth they don't associate
it with the fact that it led many people
in a certain demographic to start our to
start out behind so they wound up in
poverty and then they can't escape
poverty because of some of the systemic
issues so they're stuck in it and the
fact that they're in poverty decreases
their standard of living their
healthcare access it increases the
amount of unjust violence that's visited
upon them by law enforcement it yeah but
that's not what they're picturing
they're picturing something else they
can ignore all of the history that goes
along with that symbol they have that
privilege they can do that because of
their skin tone they can ignore history
because it didn't impact them because of
their skin tone they have the privilege
of ignoring history because of their
skin tone you might call that white
privilege if you can look at that symbol
and not see the pain despair and
destruction that it has caused
throughout American history going back
to the 1860s you have a privilege
because it didn't directly impact you
and it doesn't impact you today that is
white privilege white privilege doesn't
mean that your life is easy simply
because you're white it means that it's
not harder because you're white you
don't suffer a a negative bias because
of your skin tone that's what it means
doesn't mean that you didn't struggle it
doesn't mean that you're not poor
doesn't mean that you haven't had a bad
time in life it means that you didn't
have those things because you were white
you can still have them for other
reasons
but they didn't occur because of your
skin tone the ability to look at the
Confederate flag and picture dances
picture a belle of the south and not
picture the abject horrors of slavery
that is white privilege and it's not a
meaningful kind but it's something I
think people might get might understand
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night